introduce autoAcceptInvitations() feature (#167)
andrewdwallo/filament-companies: README.md

## Company Invitations

### Auto-Accept Invitations

When `->autoAcceptInvitations()` is enabled, invited users/employees will be exempt from creating a personal company during registration. If disabled, all users must create a personal company as part of the registration process if they don't already have one.
```php
    FilamentCompanies::make()
        ->companies(invitations: true)
        ->autoAcceptInvitations()

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```

## Company Invitations

### AutoAcceptInvitiation

> If `->autoAcceptInvitations()` is set, users will join Companies automatically on registration, as long as a invitation with their emailadress exists. If not set, they will be asked to create a personal Company first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Auto-Accept Invitations

When `->autoAcceptInvitations()` is enabled, invited users/employees will be exempt from creating a personal company during registration. If disabled, all users must create a personal company as part of the registration process if they don't already have one.
```php
    FilamentCompanies::make()
        ->companies(invitations: true)
        ->autoAcceptInvitations()
```
```

> ### AutoAcceptInvitiation
> 
> If `->autoAcceptInvitations()` is set, users will join Companies automatically on registration, as long as a invitation with their emailadress exists. If not set, they will be asked to create a personal Company first.
> ```php
>     FilamentCompanies::make()
>         ->companies(invitations: true)
>         ->autoAcceptInvitations()
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Auto-Accept Invitations

When `->autoAcceptInvitations()` is enabled, invited users/employees will be exempt from creating a personal company during registration. If disabled, all users must create a personal company as part of the registration process if they don't already have one.
```php
    FilamentCompanies::make()
        ->companies(invitations: true)
        ->autoAcceptInvitations()
```
```
